Peer-Reviewed Academic Journal Article and Dissemination - Digital Inheritance in Web3: A Case Study of Soulbound Tokens and Social Recovery Pallets within the Polkadot and Kusama Ecosystems (#1183)
w3f/Grants-Program: SydTek.md

## Development Roadmap :nut_and_bolt:

### Overview

- **Total Estimated Duration:** 3 months
- **Full-Time Equivalent (FTE):**  3FTE, the listed members would contribute to different deliverables based on their skill-set.
- **Total Costs:** 29,964 USDC 

### Milestone 1 — State of the Industry on soulbound tokens and digital inheritance 

- **Estimated duration:** 1 month
- **FTE:**  3
- **Costs:** 10,000 USDC - link to budget details outlined in the Additional Information Section

| Number | Deliverable       | Specification                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| ------: | ----------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |

> |      0. | Rights            | All developed materials will be publicly accessible and public domain. Milestone 1 is research oriented and as such there is no code to test.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |

Reviewer: How are you going to make these accessible? By "developed materials" (here and below), I assume you also mean the raw data?

> |  **1.** | Research Goal     | We will provide an overview of the current state of the soulbound tokens throughout a number of blockchain ecosystems, along with service providers of Web3 digital inheritance offerings such as Safe Haven’s Inheriti solution.             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|  **1.** | Overview of SBTs | We will provide an overview of the current state of the soulbound tokens throughout a number of blockchain ecosystems, along with service providers of Web3 digital inheritance offerings such as Safe Haven’s Inheriti solution.             |
```

> | **1a.** | Specific Coverage | Coverage will span [historical information regarding soulbound tokens] ([(https://wrenchinthegears.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/05/Vitalek-Buterin-Soulbound-Token-Paper-May-2022.pdf]), [information regarding the theoretical application of the Social Recovery Pallet for digital inheretance ([https://polkawallet.medium.com/the-guidance-of-social-recovery-in-polkawallet-4dea03e8b07b]), [academic sources]([(https://bit.ly/3RnCmMy]), and [recent developments]([(https://cryptoslate.com/press-releases/phala-network-releases-first-soulbound-token-use-case-with-phalaworld/]). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **1a.** | Specific Coverage | Coverage will span [historical information regarding soulbound tokens](https://wrenchinthegears.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/05/Vitalek-Buterin-Soulbound-Token-Paper-May-2022.pdf), [information regarding the theoretical application of the Social Recovery Pallet for digital inheretance](https://polkawallet.medium.com/the-guidance-of-social-recovery-in-polkawallet-4dea03e8b07b), [academic sources](https://bit.ly/3RnCmMy), and [recent developments](https://cryptoslate.com/press-releases/phala-network-releases-first-soulbound-token-use-case-with-phalaworld/). |
```

| Number | Deliverable       | Specification                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| ------: | ----------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
|      0. | Rights            | All developed materials will be publicly accessible and public domain. Milestone 2 is research oriented and as such there is no code to test.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |

> |  **1.** | Research Goal     | The SydTek team will interview members of Phala Network, RMRK and Parity Technologies to identify ways users can leverage SBTs and the Social Recovery pallet within the Polkadot and Kusama ecosystems for digital inheritance.         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|  **1.** | Interviews | The SydTek team will interview members of Phala Network, RMRK and Parity Technologies to identify ways users can leverage SBTs and the Social Recovery pallet within the Polkadot and Kusama ecosystems for digital inheritance.         |
```

| Number | Deliverable       | Specification                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| ------: | ----------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
|      0. | Rights            | All developed materials will be publicly accessible and public domain. Milestone 3 is research oriented and as such there is no code to test.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |

> |  **1.** | Research Goal     | The SydTek team submit the completed journal article for publication in a peer-reviewed open access journal to ensure the research is available for everyone. The team will then travel to academic institutions across the United States and Canada to disseminate research.         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|  **1.** | Submit to OA journal | The SydTek team submit the completed journal article for publication in a peer-reviewed open access journal to ensure the research is available for everyone. The team will then travel to academic institutions across the United States and Canada to disseminate research.         |
```

> |  **1.** | Research Goal     | The SydTek team submit the completed journal article for publication in a peer-reviewed open access journal to ensure the research is available for everyone. The team will then travel to academic institutions across the United States and Canada to disseminate research.         |

Reviewer: Submission doesn't guarantee publication. What are your plans for if the article is rejected? I just want to make sure it doesn't disappear in the depths of the peer-review apparatus.

Author: If the publication is not accepted for publication, we will look to submit and present at blockchain academic conferences, such as the conferences outlined below. Additionally, another option is to publish in arXiv, an open-access repository of research articles maintained by Cornell University. 

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/77424673/195219842-c890dacb-df4a-482c-8fea-bbd854b64094.png)
